everyone running devchannel, canary or chromium

increase the size of devtools for display
get free cake cupcakes

cake illutstartion.

ask questions about who has done html. who uses CDT.

introduce our lab helpers.
raise your hand if you have questions.

flow slide before what we'll cover. explain how it works.

then What we'll cover. then Backbone.js
  - backbone - show website
 
"secret sauce" to something new.

Slide on OMG TODO LIST.. demo of how it works.
 - everyone open it up on their machines
 - code arch of it?

MODULE ONE

little more intr on what we're gonna do now.. STYLE. no interaction yet.
-webkit border radius to nonprefixed
"click on the color swatch" say what your'e doing.
HSL. color wheel? mothereffing
show css completion


hsl shift by tens! shift.
lea verou's patterns. somehow make it easier for people to c/p it?


MODULE TWO

suggested classes to transition. We shoudl ahve these  in place. and
transitionend hooks?  add, check and delete.

separate slide for transforms (and i guess transitions)


MODULE THREE

polyfills list.
show code for detection.

incl modernizr in slides.
slide on geolocation API.

geolocation code skeleton is present.



MODULE FOUR

nice way to get from profiler to source?

opportunity to get rid of countsheep live in script editing


MODULE FIVE

re-order breakpoint slide
continue to here == ???
maybe we're going in too much detail?
change 'event breakpoints' to 'event listener breakpoints'

bug: what does continue to here mean when you're not at a breakpoint?
bug: conditional breakpoint, esc to bring up console == OH SNAP!


MODULE SIX

figure out how this works!


CONCLUSION

give people some time to play more with devtools.
what you learned slide.
interested in more features? plug paul and lead eng. talk
thanks for coming!
free cake!







RUNTHROGUH TWO

BEFORE START

remove all existing todos.


module ONE

dont need to walkthrough fontsize++ so much because they dont need to follow along

module THREE

  

module FOUR

countSheep: could ask audience what they think it does.
repeating profiles (or anything else): talk through it again. people are slow

module FIVE

include code snippet for counting number of items remaining

module SIX



OVERALL: 

show the results of each module!!!!!
want to make text larger and have it persist.

rename PART 2 to MODULE 2 ??

probably improve perf of fireworks.
